{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6667\c6667\c6667;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa516\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Higher-wage activists have long used Costco's high pay as ammunition against other retailers like Wal-Mart and Target.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa516\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The warehouse retailer pays workers an average of $20.89 an hour, compared with Wal-Mart's average hourly wage of $11.83.
\fs40 \cb1 \

\fs30 \cb3 People who advocate higher wages say that if Costco can afford to pay workers more, surely Wal-Mart can afford to do the same.\'a0
\fs40 \cb1 \

\fs30 \cb3 Tim Worstall at Forbes\'a0\ul explains why higher pay for Wal-Mart workers\ulnone \'a0might do more harm than good.\'a0
\fs40 \cb1 \

\fs30 \cb3 "(About)\'a0700,000 people would lose their jobs at Wal-Mart," Worstall writes. "Which is, I think you\'92ll agree, a fairly large result and one that casts a certain amount of doubt on the idea that raising wages has no unemployment effects."
\fs40 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa516\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Costco's sales per worker are twice as high as Wal-Mart's. The retailer also has lower overhead costs thanks to its no-frills warehouse model.\'a0
\fs40 \cb1 \

\fs30 \cb3 Therefore, Costco can afford to pay more than Wal-Mart and still profit.
\fs40 \cb1 \

\fs30 \cb3 Wal-Mart employs more than 1.2 million people in the US.
\fs40 \cb1 \

\fs30 \cb3 Megan McArdle\'a0\ul at Bloomberg View\ulnone \'a0also has a compelling argument for why Wal-Mart doesn't \'97 and possibly shouldn't \'97 offer Costco's high wages.\'a0
\fs40 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa516\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 She argues that if everyone adopted higher wages, the benefits of paying more would disappear.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 "Paying workers more than the going market rate for their skill level can bring a lot of benefits to your company,"\'a0\ul McArdle\'a0writes\ulnone . "You get lower turnover and, arguably, better on-the-job performance."\cb1 \
\cb3 The low turnover stems from happier workers, more high-quality applicants to choose from, and workers' fear that they can't make the same money anywhere else.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa516\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 If everyone in the industry raised wages, Costco's quality of customer service would probably decline. And it's unlikely that Wal-Mart's would improve.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa516\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 "If all the employers of minimum-wage labor followed Costco\'92s lead and paid higher wages and benefits, Costco would be less profitable, because the quality of its labor force would revert to the mean," she writes.\'a0
\fs40 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs64 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}