{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green74\blue102;\red0\green0\blue0;\red35\green51\blue174;
\red30\green32\blue55;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c30588\c36471\c47451;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c18039\c29020\c73725;
\cssrgb\c15686\c17255\c27843;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li440\fi-440\ri440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs38 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Costco is increasing its membership fees in June, which will affect about 35 million members. The company\'92s basic annual memberships will rise by $5, putting them at $60 a year, while executive memberships will increase from $110 to $120 a year.\
The announcement follows the release of\'a0Costco\'92s fiscal\'a0second-quarter earnings report, which fell short of Wall Street expectations. \'a0\
While\'a0\cf3 \strokec4 some analysts had predicted\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0the warehouse club would earn $1.36 per share with revenue of $29.86 billion, Costco ended up\'a0generating $29.77 billion in revenue, earning $1.17 a share.\'a0\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li440\fi-440\ri440\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 Despite the lower-than-expected results, some experts say Costco\'92s business is a bright spot in the retail landscape and are praising its decision to bump up fees.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Sign up for the daily Marketplace newsletter to make sense of the most important business and economic news.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs21 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li440\fi-440\ri440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Joe Feldman with Telsey Advisory Group said the long-awaited fee bump was a good move. There hadn\'92t been a fee increase since 2011.\
\'93It\'92s a way for Costco to add a little bit of growth in a very subtle way that doesn\'92t have a big, negative impact on sales,\'94 he said.\
Costco\'92s membership fees are a key to its success \'97 they account for about 70 percent of the company\'92s operating income. Costco card holders\'a0\cf3 \strokec4 spent $2.6 billion on membership fees\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0in 2016, according to Fortune.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li440\fi-440\ri440\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Brian Yarbrough, an analyst\'a0with Edward Jones, said Costco stands out from other retailers that are struggling because of its deals on items that you might not find again. Shoppers come in with a kind of treasure hunt mentality.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li440\fi-440\ri440\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \'93You look at their traffic, they\'92re driving 3 percent-plus traffic increases,\'94 Yarbrough said. \'93There\'92s not a lot of retailers out there. Most are struggling to drive positive traffic at all.\'94\
Big retailers like Target and Wal-Mart are looking to woo customers\'a0\cf3 \strokec4 with lower prices\cf2 \strokec2 , as is the grocery chain Kroger, which Thursday said\cf3 \strokec4 \'a0a key sales measure\'a0\cf2 \strokec2 fell in the last quarter.\
A\'a0growing number of\'a0Costco members are also\'a0\cf3 \strokec4 becoming Amazon Prime members\cf2 \strokec2 , which leads some analysts to question whether those consumers will want to keep up both memberships. Kantar Retail analyst John Rand said Costco has not committed to the digital delivery system to the same extent as Amazon.\
\'93I don\'92t know that it\'92s an existential threat\'a0yet,\'94 he said. \'93But it may be having some effect on their level of growth.\'94\
}