{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red2\green38\blue126;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c21961\c56863;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa288\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Costco Wholesale\cf4 \'a0(COST)
\f1\b0 \'a0reports its third quarter earnings on Thursday, May 30, 2013.\
The\'a0\cf2 Wall Street\cf4 \'a0consensus is $1.02 per share, up 16% from a year ago when Costco reported earnings of 88 cents per share.\
The consensus estimate has fallen over the past three months, from $1.03. Analysts are expecting earnings of $4.55 per share for the fiscal year. Revenue is projected to be 9% above the year-earlier total of $22.3 billion at $24.2 billion for the quarter. For the year, revenue is projected to come in at $105.9 billion.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa288\partightenfactor0
\cf4 The 42% profit increase in the second quarter positioned the company at its fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year profit growth. Over that time period, the second was also the biggest profit spike.\
Revenue rose in the past two quarters. In the most recent quarter, revenue rose 11% year-over-year to $24.9 billion. The quarter before that, it rose 10%.\
The company's net income has been increasing for three consecutive quarters. In the second quarter, net income rose 42% while it rose 30% in the first quarter and 27% in the fourth quarter.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa288\partightenfactor0
\cf4 The majority of analysts (55%) rate Costco as a buy. This compares favorably to the analyst ratings of its nearest eight competitors, which average 52% buys. Analysts are generally bullish on Costco, as 11 analysts rate it as a buy and only two analysts rate it as a sell. Three months ago, 12 analysts named it a buy and two called it a sell.\
\
}