{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red13\green103\blue139;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c48235\c61569;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 It\'92s a retail axiom: The Internet\'a0has made it vastly easier for shoppers to hunt for the latest deal\'97and a lot more challenging for brick-and-mortar retailers to command loyalty. But\'a0\cf2 \strokec3 Costco\cf0 \strokec2 , which operates hundreds of members-only warehouses, has managed to defy the trend\'97with only 3% of its retail sales stemming from e-commerce. In fact, it outclasses other retailers when it comes to consistently increasing sales from its millions of faithful shoppers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0
\cf0 According to chief financial officer Richard Galanti, Costco\'92s (COST) goal has been to boost sales while cutting long-term costs (by trimming freight expenses, scaling its merchandise, negotiating prices with vendors, and reducing packaging) so that it can pass those savings along to members. \'93Our rule of thumb is to give 80% to 90% back to the customer,\'94 Galanti says. Those efforts have paid off, with memberships reaching an all-time high of 81 million members in 2015.\
Those dedicated shoppers have helped put Costco at\'a0\cf2 \strokec3 No. 16 on\'a0
\f1\i Fortune\'92
\f0\i0 s list of the World\'92s Most Admired\cf0 \strokec2 \'a0Top 50 All-Stars, and it is currently ranked No. 1 among specialty retailers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://content.fortune.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/wma-12-15-15-sidebar.png"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \strokec3 \
\
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0
\cf0 For the past six consecutive years, same-store sales have steadily increased, helping revenues leap from $76 billion to $114 billion.\
Below, three ways\'a0Costco has kept its edge.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Building a Fan Base
\f0\b0 \
Renewals of Costco\'92s $55 annual memberships stand at an impressive 91%\'97a record high. According to analysts, the low price of memberships and a steady return of loyal members is what sets it apart from big-box and department store retailers, which continue to fight for market-share gains in a changing landscape of increased competition from online retailers, led by\'a0\cf2 \strokec3 Amazon\cf0 \strokec2 \'a0(AMZN).\
\'93Costco\'92s ability to consistently drive increases in traffic is a key differentiator,\'94 explains\'a0\cf2 \strokec3 Baird\cf0 \strokec2 \'a0Equity Research analyst Peter Benedict.\

\f2\b Minimum-Wage Trendsetter
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0
\cf0 While Walmart (WMT) and\'a0\cf2 \strokec3 Target\cf0 \strokec2 \'a0(TGT) only recently began increasing wages, Costco has been an industry leader for years. With starting hourly pay at about $11.50 and a company average of $22 per hour, Costco\'92s compensation trounces the competition. CEO Craig Jelinek says it can be more profitable in the long run by keeping turnover low and capitaliz\
\
In early 2016, Costco will hand over its credit card program to\'a0\cf2 \strokec3 Visa\cf0 \strokec2 \'a0(V), ending a long-running relationship with American Express. Though the company is pretty tight-lipped about the decision, analysts say the change will result in lower costs for Costco and its cardholders\'97 another way the company is helping customers save money. The change isn\'92t expected to make a huge impact on memberships, but Telsey Advisory Group predicts a membership fee hike could occur in late 2016 or in 2017.\
}