{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-BoldItalic;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green15\blue15;\red255\green255\blue255;\red41\green41\blue41;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red39\green84\blue126;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7059\c7059\c7059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c21176\c21176\c21176;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c19608\c40784\c56863;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li1840\fi-1840\ri1840\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs60 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Costco\'92s Profit Rose 16% in Quarter\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\i0\b0\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa225\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Net income at the Costco Wholesale Corporation, the warehouse club operator, rose nearly 16 percent in the fourth quarter on higher revenue from membership fees and international operations.\cb1 \
\cb3 Shoppers, who began to flock to Costco when the recession hit, showed strong demand for food and necessities. Sales of small extras, like housewares and sporting goods, continued to grow modestly.\cb1 \
\cb3 Costco earned $432 million, or 97 cents a share, in the quarter that ended Aug. 29, up from $374 million, or 85 cents a share, in the same period a year earlier. Revenue rose 8 percent, to $24.13 billion.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \ul \ulc5 \strokec7 The earnings\ulnone \strokec4 \'a0\cf4 \cb3 beat analysts\'92 expectations of 95 cents a share, according to Thomson Reuters. But Costco fell short of revenue expectations of $24.23 billion.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf8 \strokec8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa225\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Costco\'92s push into markets outside the United States paid off. While revenue from sales at stores open at least a year \uc0\u151  a crucial measurement of a retailer\'92s health \u151  climbed 6 percent over all, that same figure jumped 14 percent for international sales. Excluding the impact of gasoline and foreign exchange, the figure rose 4 percent over all and 8 percent internationally.\cb1 \
\cb3 Revenue at stores open at least a year rose 5 percent for the month of September. Analysts had expected a 4.5 percent increase.\cb1 \
\cb3 The company does not issue earnings guidance, but Richard A. Galanti, Costco\'92s chief financial officer, said management was \'93positive and aggressive\'94 as it heads into the holiday season.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'93We feel good about selling through without risk of big markdowns, and we\'92ve had good sell-through on some seasonal stuff,\'94 Mr. Galanti said.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Costco has been one of the top performers during the recession, so the more modest quarter left investors a little leery. Shares of the company, based in Issaquah, Wash., rose 75 cents, to $65.41, in Nasdaq trading.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf8 \strokec8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 For the full year, Costco\'92s net income increased 19 percent, to $1.3 billion, or $2.92 a share, compared with $1.09 billion, or $2.47 a share, a year earlier. Annual revenue rose 9.1 percent, to $77.95 billion.\cb1 \
}