{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green23\blue24;\red93\green98\blue105;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red15\green98\blue164;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13725\c12157\c12549;\cssrgb\c43922\c45882\c48627;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c2745\c46667\c70196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li1480\fi-1480\ri1480\sa270\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs38 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Costco Wholesale, which Thursday reported fourth-quarter and fiscal year earnings that beat Wall Street forecasts, said its recent switch from longtime partner American Express to Citigroup and Visa is exceeding the company\'92s expectations despite a rocky start.\
The switch, which took place June 20, meant the warehouse giant went from accepting only American Express credit cards to accepting only Visa credit cards in all its U.S. locations.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1480\fi-1480\ri1480\sa270\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \cf2 Citi became the exclusive issuer of Costco\'92s co-branded credit cards, which also serve as Costco membership cards.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1480\fi-1480\ri1480\sa270\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The transition of millions of members to the new Costco Anywhere Visa Card by Citi\'a0\cf4 did not go smoothly\cf2 , as people reported not receiving their new Visa cards in time for the switch, or having trouble getting online access or connecting with customer service at Citi.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs34 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1480\fi-1480\ri1480\sa270\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \cf2 However, contended Costco Chief Financial Officer Richard Galanti during the quarterly conference call with analysts Thursday, \'93We\'92re now past that.\'94\
Galanti said about 11.4
\f1 \uc0\u8201 
\f0 million American Express co-branded cards, representing just under 7.5
\f1 \uc0\u8201 
\f0 million accounts, were transferred to Citi. And 1.1
\f1 \uc0\u8201 
\f0 million members have applied for the new card, with more than 730,000 new accounts activated.\
\'93So far, we\'92re beating our initial expectations in terms of conversion, usage and new sign-ups to the card,\'94 he said.\
Galanti didn\'92t have much to say on another item on the minds of some Costco members: a likely membership-fee increase.\
He had said\'a0\cf4 in March the warehouse club was considering hiking membership fees\cf2 \'a0in the U.S. and Canada \'97 something it does every five to six years. The last time there was a fee increase was in January 2012.\
\'93When we look at our member loyalty, the impact that previous increases had on renewal rates \'97 it\'92s really a nonissue,\'94 Galanti said. \'93We haven\'92t made any decisions yet.\'94\cf5 \cb6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1480\fi-1480\ri1480\sa270\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Annual\'a0\cf4 Costco membership fees\cf2 , which start at $55, contribute significantly to the company\'92s bottom line. For instance, in the fourth quarter, membership fees brought in $832 million \'97 more than Costco\'92s total profit of $779 million.\
The company did increase its membership fee this month by about 10 percent in Taiwan, Korea, Japan, Mexico and the United Kingdom.\
A\'a0\cf4 $1.50 hike in the minimum wage Costco pays entry-level employees\cf2 , which the company instituted in March, contributed to a 5.6
\f1 \uc0\u8201 
\f0 percent increase in its selling, general and administrative expenses for the quarter ended Aug. 28.\
Overall, the Issaquah-based warehouse club reported quarterly profit of $779 million, or $1.77 per diluted share, up from $767
\f1 \uc0\u8201 
\f0 million, or $1.73 per diluted share, last year. Analysts had expected earnings per share of $1.73, according to a Reuters average consensus estimate.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1480\fi-1480\ri1480\sa270\partightenfactor0
\cf2 For the fiscal year, Costco saw profit of $2.35
\f1 \uc0\u8201 
\f0 billion, or $5.33 per diluted share, down from $2.38
\f1 \uc0\u8201 
\f0 billion, or $5.37 per diluted share, last year. Analysts polled by Reuters had expected fiscal-year earnings of $5.29.\
Overall revenue for the company went up for the quarter and the fiscal year.\cf5 \cb6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1480\fi-1480\ri1480\sa270\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The company reported total revenue (including sales and membership fees) of $36.56 billion for the quarter, up from $35.78
\f1 \uc0\u8201 
\f0 billion last year. The revenue figure came in slightly below analysts\'92 expectations of $36.83 billion.\
Excluding membership fees, the company logged sales of $35.73 billion.\
For the fiscal year, Costco reported revenue of $118.72 billion, up from $116.2 billion last year. That figure also came in below analysts\'92 estimates of $119.15 billion.\
Excluding membership fees, Costco logged sales of $116.07 billion for the year.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1480\fi-1480\ri1480\sa270\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Sales in stores open at least a year were flat worldwide for both the quarter and the year. Sales in U.S. stores open at least a year declined 1 percent in the quarter, while rising 1 percent for the fiscal year.\
Excluding the negative impacts from gas-price decreases and foreign-exchange fluctuations, though, comparable sales companywide grew 3 percent in the quarter and 4 percent for the full fiscal year.\cf5 \cb6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1480\fi-1480\ri1480\sa270\partightenfactor0
\cf2 In the U.S., such sales rose 2 percent for the quarter, and 3 percent for the year.\
Costco shares were up 1.7
\f1 \uc0\u8201 
\f0 percent in after-hours trading to $150.\
}