{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red39\green84\blue126;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c19608\c40784\c56863;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs37\fsmilli18750 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Costco Pulls Threatened Fish from Stores\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs16\fsmilli8250 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 Under pressure from environmentalists, the retail giant Costco has said it would immediately halt the sale of a dozen fish species widely considered to be threatened by overharvesting.\cb1 \
\cb3 Among the fish being pulled from display cases are Atlantic cod, Atlantic halibut, Chilean sea bass, grouper, monkfish, redfish, swordfish and bluefin tuna. Sales of these and other at-risk species will not resume until a sustainable source can be identified, the company said in a\'a0\cf4 \strokec5 statement\cf2 \strokec2 .\cb1 \
\cb3 Last year, the environmental group Greenpeace began aiming at Costco for a lack of transparency in its seafood sourcing and for offering what it described as unsustainable seafood products. The campaign included flying a bright-green blimp with a banner reading \'93Costco: Wholesale Ocean Destruction\'94 over the company\'92s Issaquah, Wash., headquarters.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 The campaign appeared to grab the attention of Costco, the largest wholesale club in the country, which also provided information to Greenpeace on its seafood sourcing for the first time this year.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'93It is important that the items we offer our customers are those that we can continue to provide well into the future and to provide responsibly,\'94 Jeff Lyons, a Costco senior vice president,\'a0\cf4 \strokec5 told\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0The Issaquah Press.\cb1 \
\cb3 According to Greenpeace, more than 100,000 people\'a0\cf4 \strokec5 took part\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0in the group\'92s campaign by sending e-mail messages to Costco\'92s chief executive demanding a change in its seafood policies.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'93I\'92ve been working very closely with Costco on the specifics of their new seafood policy and am very pleased with the direction that they\'92re taking,\'94 Casson Trenor, a Greenpeace organizer, said in a\'a0\cf4 \strokec5 message\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0at the group\'92s Web site.\cb1 \
\cb3 Last year several other major retailers also changed their seafood offerings in response to environmental campaigns. In January Target\'a0\cf4 \strokec5 announced\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0that it had eliminated all farmed salmon products from its stores and switched to wild-caught Alaskan salmon, which is considered less environmentally harmful than farmed salmon.\cb1 \
\cb3 In March 2010, Trader Joe\'92s acceded to pressure from Greenpeace and\'a0\cf4 \strokec5 announced\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0that it would offer only sustainable seafood in all its stores by the end of 2012.\cb1 \
}