{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li1190\fi-1190\ri1190\sa600\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 On Thursday, Costco\'a0announced\'a0that it will be raising wages for both new and current entry-level workers in the U.S. and Canada. The raise is small\'97$1.50 extra per hour\'97but it means that Costco will be paying workers at least $13 an hour, up from $11.50. This increase is significant because the company hasn\'92t raised wages for entry-level of workers in nine years, and its move to do so now might suggest that, as the economy adds jobs, retailers will have to start paying their frontline workers more in order to hold onto them.\
Costco, one the nation\'92s largest employers, has been known to pay its employees much more than its competitors pay theirs. Some of Costco\'92s employees\'a0are unionized\'a0and its CEO has been outspoken in supporting a\'a0federal minimum wage above $10. As a result of all this, Costco workers tend to be satisfied in a way that\'92s\'a0unusual for the retail industry\'97in the company\'92s 30-some-year existence, there haven\'92t been any major strikes or protests.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1190\fi-1190\ri1190\sa600\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Which prompts Costco to be contrasted with Walmart, the U.S.\'92s largest employer, which has a history of being stingy with compensation in order to keep its prices low. (Walmart employees have found their company to be\'a0extremely resistant\'a0to unionization efforts.) Costco\'92s average hourly wage (about\'a0$21 an hour) is $8\'a0higher than Walmart\'92s, and that probably has something to do with\'a0the company\'92s low turnover rate.\
Because Costco is a smaller company than Walmart\'97it has around 200,000 full-time and part-time employees at its roughly 700 warehouse stores, compared to Walmart\'92s 1.3 million U.S. employees\'97the announcement about its raise is less significant than when Walmart announced its own raise two months ago. Hourly wages for full-time Walmart employees increased from an average of $13 to $13.38.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 The fact that both Costco and Walmart are raising wages for their workers is evidence that\'a0the U.S. labor market might be tightening. The last two jobs reports have seen the\'a0unemployment rate below 5 percent\'97as the U.S. economy improves and job opportunities become more abundant, it\'92s expected that workers will have options to jump from job to job. Many businesses are\'a0now reporting that it\'92s harder to find employees\'a0to fill vacant positions, and the competition for\'a0low-wage workers is growing as well.\'a0As wage growth still\'a0remains tepid\'a0for most workers in America, Costco workers\'92 raise is hopefully not just a move consistent with the company\'92s past treatment of workers, but an encouraging sign that wages will start to rise more generally.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1190\fi-1190\ri1190\sa600\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
}