{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red2\green38\blue126;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c21961\c56863;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa288\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The largest warehouse club in the U.S.,\'a0\cf2 \strokec3 Costco\cf0 \strokec2 , is scheduled to release its Q2 fiscal 2014 earnings on March 6. (Fiscal years end with August.) In its monthly press releases, the company reported 5% and 6% comparable store sales growth during December and January respectively, excluding the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and lower gasoline prices.\'a0Considering that the U.S. retail market was particularly weak during these two months, this growth is impressive. We expect a steady rise in the retailer\'92s sales in February as well.\
Costco's growth is being fueled by an increase in its membership base driven by its volume-discount model, which is all the more attractive with the prevailing economic weakness. In the present environment, U.S. buyers have become extremely value conscious due to slow job growth, increased taxes, higher healthcare costs and high gasoline prices. As a result, they are looking for ways to save money and Costco provides them with the best shopping alternative. Therefore, we believe that the company\'92s membership base will continue to grow in the second quarter of fiscal 2014.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa288\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec3 Our price estimate for Costco stands at $124\cf0 \strokec2 , implying a premium of more than 5% to the market price.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa288\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Positive Growth Despite The Weak Retail Environment
\f0\b0 \
According to ShopperTrak,\'a0\cf2 \strokec3 U.S. foot traffic declined\cf0 \strokec2 \'a0by 17.7% in December 2013 as compared to the same month last year.\'a0Weak consumer confidence along with the adverse weather conditions kept buyers away from stores. This trend continued in January as\'a0\cf2 \strokec3 retail sales fell by 0.4%\cf0 \strokec2 \'a0from a month earlier, marking the nation\'92s steepest retail sales decline in more than a year.\'a0Apart from the severe cold and winter storms, this can be attributed to a pullback in consumer spending on account of slow job growth, increased taxes and weak wage hikes. Over the past year, the increase in U.S. wages has lagged behind the inflation rate.\
}